so Netflix is like the new
straight-to-dvd source when it comes to
movie and I hate to say that I mean yeah
they're technically all stream it's
because you can stream them but you know
that doesn't mean it's worth your time
let me explain
we start off this movie by observing
Logan who really really loves running
which is really really crucial to his
health because it has it doesn't mean
anything to this story we see Logan and
his dad drive over to the store since
they need some milk and then a driver
drives over his dad and now he's dead
Logan and his mom however are like crazy
poor they're cheaper than the budget of
this film so the sister steps in and
offers her multi-million dollar mansion
up in the mountain so they can stay it
which it's like why just toss them a
dime especially especially when your
house is up for sale they decide to take
it and on their way up they get
jumpscared by a random dude on the road
who again don't worry it has nothing to
do with the movie they run into this
creepy lady named Martha at a
convenience store who mentions that
she's their neighbor she knows
everything about them and yeah for a
good first impression lets them know
that her husband died so you know nice
to meet you
this chick's literally like a butcher
knife away from being that crazy chick
from misery so I would 100% pass on
moving into this holy smokes this house
is beautiful
I mean yeah it's got that random Harriet
Tubman tunnel that doesn't really serve
any purpose for the story not even the
intruder can go through it but it's a
really dope place and they seem to
settle in just fine
Martha disappear again claiming that
it's her house and it's sort of like
whatever lady if you're crazy it doesn't
really matter you ain't got the keys to
this house and then they remember that
they also don't have the keys to this
house and in fact every Sunday they have
to leave the premises for the open house
where any weirdo can actually go into
this home and walk around and that's
when we get a jump scare from a pair of
boots as a problem with this movie they
gave all the money to the sound mixer
cuz he's the dude who's working overtime
he's amping up the volume to make scenes
scary that are not scary in any way
shape or form even the intruder of the
house does dumb stuff like turn off the
hot water he's sneaking in just so he
can move a bowl of cereal and by the end
of it he does the most sinister thing of
all set up a lovely dinner they see
Martha again but this time she lets it
slip that her husband is
actually alive so they're looking at her
like either you're crazy because you did
say that he was dead or you're like me
and you're going yeah there's probably a
version of the script where he was alive
and then he got cut due to the budget
there's also a dude named Chris
throughout the movie who appears because
he's trying to get jiggy with the mom
and we almost assumed that it's him
who's the intruder until he's found dead
in the car
Logan walks outside and goes no because
he has a flat tire and then he gets
pummeled by black boots gets drenched in
water and then black boots goes back
inside upstairs to the bed that the mom
is sleeping in and does the most
disgusting horrible thing he hogs the
covers the mom wakes up and notices him
freaks out and he decides to Fifty
Shades her and place three little
piggies with her fingers Logan comes in
right in time to save his mom only for
later to accidentally stab her when
they're trying to run away black boot
takes off Logan's contacts and you know
he doesn't want him to dry up he's a
nice guy and then he knocks his body out
and leaves it for dead right next to a
river like that's the whole movie at
least the strangers killed her people
more elegantly the guy ends up being a
complete nobody he has no connection to
them the family is just completely done
with their lineage and the guy just
decides to go to the next open house as
if people regularly stay in open houses
thank you guys for checking out this
video and apologies to you if you wasted
your time with this movie I know that
Netflix is putting out so many stuff out
there but it's like they're like a pack
of gum to make this movie it's
ridiculous you know let me know your
thoughts on it down below in the
comments section any other movies that
you want me to cover don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and hopefully
it'll get big enough so you know maybe
Netflix can give me a pack of gum so I
can direct a movie